# C++Now! 2016
[https://cppnow2016.sched.com](https://cppnow2016.sched.com)

## セッションリスト
- Better Code
- Typegrind: Type Preserving Heap Profiler for C++
- C++14 Dependency Injection
- Proper Inheritance (Part 1)
- CopperSpice: The Next Generation of Signals
- Proper Inheritance (Part 2)
- Practical Performance Practices
- Metaprogramming for Dummies
- Monoids, Monads and Applicative Functors: Repeated Software Patterns
- C++14 Version of Boost.MSM-eUML
- Diet for your Templates: Reducing Code Bloat in your Templated Library
- Variants: Past, Present, and Future
- Come Stream With Me: Build Performant, Simple, Parallel Applications in C++ Using RaftLib
- Documenting C++ Using the Right Tools
- array\_ref: Multidimensional Array References for the C++ Standard Library
- Implementing a Lock-Free atomic\_shared\_ptr
- Friendship in Service of Testing
- Pulling Visitors
- Thread-safe Observer Pattern: You're Doing It Wrong
- Metaprogramming for the Brave
- Implementation of a Multithreaded Compile-Time ECS in C++14
- Design Patterns in the 21st Century
- Let's Make a Web Match-3 Game in C++14
- Multithreading is the Answer. What was the Question? (Part 1)
- Variadic Expansion in Examples
- IoC++: An IoC Framework for C++
- Multithreading is the Answer. What was the Question? (Part 2)
- Preprocessor-Aware Automated Refactoring
- Extending C++ with Co-Array Semantics
- Progress on Contract Support for C++17
- Implementing Static Control Flow in C++14
- The Effective Structured Data Marshalling/Demarshalling Through Boost.Fusion Introspection in a High Performance Web Service
- Why And How To Add Scripting
- The Design of a New C++ Build Toolchain
- C++ Performance in Practice: Align, Vectorise, Cache, Jump!
- Goodbye Metaprogramming, and Hello Functional: Living in a Post-Metaprogramming Era in C++
- Understanding Boost.Build
- Simple Hand Written Parsers
- An Interesting Lock-free Queue: Part 2 of N
- HPX and GPU Parallelized STL
- The Fiber Library
- What is the Basic Interface?
- The CPU Cache: Instruction Re-Ordering Made Obvious
- No Sane Compiler would Optimize Atomics

## セッション資料
- [C++Now! Presentations 2016](https://github.com/boostcon/cppnow_presentations_2016)
